IANA alignment (#1451)
tlswg/tls13-spec: rfc9846.md

       } Extension;

       enum {
           server_name(0),                             /* RFC 6066, 9261 */
           max_fragment_length(1),                     /* RFC 6066, 8449 */

>            status_request(5),                          /* RFC 9846, 6066 */

Reviewer: I'm not so sure about these 9846 updates. You think it should be the most recent version and not the original one?

>            supported_groups(10),                       /* RFC 9846, 8422, 7919 */

Reviewer: Why do we need 9846? Is it not completely defined in 8422? That's a general question for others too

| Extension                                |   TLS 1.3   |
|:-----------------------------------------|------------:|
| server_name {{RFC6066}} {{RFC9261}}        |  CH, EE, CR |

> | max_fragment_length {{RFC6066}} {{RFC8449}}|      CH, EE |

Reviewer: Why does this need a cite to 8449? That replaces this extension but doesn't redefine it AFAICT.

| record_size_limit {{RFC8449}}              | CH, EE |
| delegated_credential {{RFC9345}}          | CH, CR, CT |
| supported_ekt_ciphers {{RFC8870}}          | CH, EE |
| pre_shared_key {{RFC9846}}       |      CH, SH |
| early_data {{RFC9846}}           | CH, EE, NST |
| supported_versions {{RFC9846}}   | CH, SH, HRR |
| cookie {{RFC9846}}               |     CH, HRR |
| psk_key_exchange_modes {{RFC9846}}|          CH |
| certificate_authorities {{RFC9846}}|      CH, CR |
| oid_filters {{RFC9846}}          |          CR |
| post_handshake_auth {{RFC9846}}  |          CH |
| signature_algorithms_cert {{RFC9846}}|      CH, CR |
| key_share {{RFC9846}}            | CH, SH, HRR |
| transparency_info {{RFC9162}}    | CH, CR, CT |
| connection_id {{RFC9146}}        | CH, SH |
| external_id_hash {{RFC8844}}     | CH, EE |
| external_session_id {{RFC8844}}  | CH, EE |
| quic_transport_parameters {{RFC9001}} | CH, EE |
| ticket_request {{RFC9149}} | CH, EE|
| ech_outer_extensions {{RFC9849}} | CH |

> | renegotiation_info {{RFC5746}} | CH, SH |

Author: ```suggestion
| renegotiation_info {{RFC5746}} | - |
```

   populated with psk_ke (0) and psk_dhe_ke (1).  Both are marked as
   "Recommended".  The
   "Recommended" column is assigned a value of "N" unless explicitly
   requested. See {{?RFC9847}} for additional information about "Recommended"
   column values and settings.

## Changes for this RFC {#bis-changes}

IANA has updated all references to {{RFC8446}} in the IANA
registries with references to this document.

IANA has updated the "Recommended" column procedures to match {{RFC9847}} for
the TLS SignatureScheme and PskKeyExchangeMode registries.

IANA has renamed the "extended_master_secret" value
in the TLS ExtensionType Values registry to "extended_main_secret".

IANA has created  a value for the "general_error"
alert in the TLS Alerts registry with the value given in {{alert-protocol}}.

IANA has updated added references to this document for the status_request and
supported_groups entries in the TLS ExtensionType Values registry.

IANA has updated the TLS ExtensionType values in the "TLS 1.3" column for 

> cached_info to "CH, EE" and renegotiation_info to "CH, SH".

Reviewer 2: I think `renegotiation_info` was correct as-is. `renegotiation_info` is a bugfix extension for TLS 1.2 (and below) renegotiation. It's not applicable to TLS 1.3 because we don't have renegotiation in the first place. (And if we did, I sure hope we'd include the bugfix from day 1!) That means:

* A TLS-1.3-_only_ client would not send it in ClientHello
* A TLS-1.2-or-1.3 client would send it, but only for the benefit of TLS 1.2 servers
* A TLS 1.3 server would never send it in ServerHello (or any other message)
* A TLS 1.3 server would ignore it in ClientHello, because it might be talking to a TLS-1.2-or-1.3 client

I think either `-` or `CH` are defensible in that case, depending on how we want to handle the 1.2-or-1.3 thing, but probably `-` is fine?

Author: Thanks for working through this, I'll admit I didn't. Also, I hadn't considered just putting a `-` Table to align it with the IANA tables. Let's go for the KISS approach.

> cached_info to "CH, EE" and renegotiation_info to "CH, SH".

Author: ```suggestion
IANA has updated the TLS ExtensionType value in the "TLS 1.3" column for 
cached_info to "CH, EE".
```
